what's going as multi girls HD here is
most of you guys probably already know
skazi this video today I want to go
ahead and talk about a recent decision
by destiny with the raid system now if
you guys are familiar with this during
this week there was a raid called the
vault of glass now this may be one of
the hardest raids out of any other video
game I've ever heard of in my entire
life it took over 17 hours for the first
group of people to actually complete
this raid with over 1,700 deaths and
that's not in the crazy part destiny has
an achievement on the game that you have
to complete the raid on any difficulty
was zero deaths now let me go ahead
district a fat the read for the first
group to ever complete this raid took 17
hours now let me go ahead and rephrase
this they had about 1650 dust total
averaging they somehow find it realistic
that you know the entire team of six or
whatever the cases to manage to get zero
deaths on this entire raid now this may
be one of the hardest achievements I've
ever heard of on xbox life this vault of
glass raid is so complex that a lot of
achievement hunters such as stallion 83
have even said that they're just gonna
hold off for a while and not complete
the achievement stallion 83 has over a
million gamerscore in that guy even says
this is Jim it's a little bit too hard
for him it sounds like so I'm just kind
of curious do you guys think that this
achievement is in a possible achievement
that was maybe put in there as a parody
or something going those lines because
as of right now 9 19 2014 nobody's you
had this achievement and you know we're
going on just a couple days after the
actual raid and still not one person has
come close to getting zero deaths on
this entire raid I'm interested here
your guys opinions on this because I
think that this may be an entire troll
in the achievement maybe it wasn't
supposed to be there maybe somebody at
the last second and the achievements
that would you know they did say the
game will last forever I guess if you
can't beat the last achievement the game
never ends kind of thing
so I want to go ahead and here you guys
as a feedback on this DA's everything
that the vault of glass achievements
from the raid is ever going to be beaten
let me go ahead and hear your guys's
feedback in the comments section below
until next time guys hope you guys
enjoyed this video my name of course is
multi kills HD numb out